Adding info about the newly surfaced dart tool (#4187)
flutter/website: src/_includes/dart-tool.md

{{site.alert.note}}

>   As of Flutter's 1.19.0 dev release, the `dart` command

Reviewer: "is now surfaced for you" seems unnecessarily indirect. How about:

...release, the Flutter SDK contains the `dart` command alongside the `flutter` command,
so that you can more easily run Dart command-line programs.

Reviewer: (assuming that's the reason for the `dart` command to live there)

  is now surfaced for you. Downloading the Flutter SDK
  also downloads the compatible version of Dart,

>   but if you have downloaded the Dart SDK separately,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  but if you've downloaded the Dart SDK separately,
```

>   make sure that the Flutter version of `dart` is listed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  make sure that the Flutter version of `dart` is
```

>   first in your path, as the two versions may not be compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  first in your path, as the two versions might not be compatible.
```

  The following command (on macOS, Linux, and Chrome OS),
  tells you whether the `flutter` and `dart` commands
  originate from the same `bin` directory and are therefore
  compatible. (Some versions of Windows
  support a similar `where` command.)

  ```sh
  $ which flutter; which dart
  <path-to-flutter-sdk>/flutter-sdk/bin/flutter
  /usr/local/bin/dart
  ```

>   As shown above, the two commands are not coming from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As shown above, the two commands don't come from
```

  the same `bin` directory. Update your path to use

>   commands from `<path-to-flutter-sdk>/bin` before it
>   uses commands from `/usr/local/bin` (in this case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  commands from `<path-to-flutter-sdk>/bin` before
  commands from `/usr/local/bin` (in this case).
```

  After updating your shell for the change to take effect,

>   run the command again, and you should now see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  running the `which` or `where` commands again should show that
  the `flutter` and `dart` commands come from the same directory:
```

>   ```sh

Reviewer: It seems weird to make these `which` command sections copyable, since the output gets copied too. Can you turn off copying?

I thought it was weird that we use `sh` instead of `terminal` here, but the styling is atrocious when you have `<` or `;` in `terminal`. Oh well.

Author: I don't know how, but I'll look around.

>   $ which flutter; which dart

Reviewer: It'd be nice to have a non-Unix version of this text for our Windows installation page, so our Windows users (who might be the majority?) can see the right command and path. But it shouldn't derail us. Shall I file a bug?

Author: I searched and searched for a Windows equivalent. If you can find a direct, not-too-complex equivalent, I'll add it. On Windows, this is a much more complicated operation.

Reviewer: I figure we can let the community help us find the answer here. I could file a bug and mark it **help wanted**.

Author: I'd love that! I was tempted to put that request right into the text, but asking via the bug is better. Also put PRs welcome.  :D

Reviewer: #4193
